subject:Faculty Positions in Human Computer Interaction at Rochester Institute of Technology
url:http://www.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2018-10/1540823724.html
deadline:15 Dec 2018
Detailed Job Description As part of a growing, strategic research cluster in human-computer interaction (HCI) and computing accessibility, the Department of Information Sciences and Technologies at RIT invites applications for three full-time tenure-track positions, at the assistant, associate, or full professor rank, for an appointment beginning fall 2019. We are seeking candidates with expertise in one or more of the following or related areas: computing accessibility for people with disabilities or older adults; data visualization; human-centered machine learning; health informatics; social computing; or wearable, mobile, or ubiquitous systems. Outstanding applicants in other areas of HCI will also be considered, especially those with methodological expertise in physical or interactive prototyping for system-building and evaluation. RESEARCH ENVIRONMENT: RIT is home to the Center for Accessibility and Inclusion Research (CAIR) (http://cair.rit.edu) and the HCI at RIT Research Community (http://hci-research.rit.edu), with multiple RIT faculty and students actively engaged in research in the fields of human-computer interaction and accessibility. Since 2014, CAIR faculty have secured over $2 million in external research funding support, over 90 peer-reviewed journal and conference publications, and multiple Best Paper and Honorable Mention Awards from major research venues, including the ACM CHI and ASSETS conferences. RIT is an interdisciplinary research hub, with research groups and communities encompassing a range of domain areas, including: RIT’s Personalized Healthcare Technology initiative (http://pht.rit.edu), Center for Cybersecurity (http://www.rit.edu/cybersecurity), Center for Human-Aware Artificial Intelligence (http://www.rit.edu/chai), and the Media Arts Games Interaction Creativity (MAGIC) Center (https://magic.rit.edu). In addition, RIT is home to the National Technical Institute for the Deaf (NTID), with over 1,300 Deaf and Hard of Hearing students on the campus. Applicants should possess a PhD degree in Computer Science, Informatics, Information Science, or a related field by the start date of the appointment, and conduct high-quality, cutting-edge research that shapes the HCI or computing accessibility fields. Applicants should show strong commitment to undergraduate/graduate teaching, demonstrate the ability for innovative research and high-impact publications, and exhibit potential to pursue externally funded research. We are seeking an individual who has the ability and interest in contributing to RIT’s core values, honor code, and diversity commitment. Department/College Description The College: The Golisano College of Computing and Information Sciences is home to the departments of Information Sciences and Technologies, Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computing Security, and the School of Interactive Games and Media. The college's Ph.D. program in Computer and Information Sciences was ranked 68th in the U.S. News and World Reports 2018 ranking of Best Doctoral Computer Science Programs. The college has 140 faculty and more than 3100 undergraduate and 850 graduate students; the Golisano College building opened in 2003 and includes a usability testing laboratory, physical prototyping laboratory, and other research facilities. The Department: The Information Sciences & Technologies Department (IST) offers multiple degrees, including a B.S. in human-centered computing and an M.S. in human-computer interaction. The department is among the university leaders in terms of grant generation and publications, and IST faculty include winners of university awards for teaching and research, as well as professional leaders, including ACM SIG chairs. The IST department leads RIT with the most online and global degree programs. With approximately 700 undergraduate and graduate students, 30 faculty, and 6 staff, the department is able to support synergistic research and curricular activities. Required Minimum Qualifications All candidates must meet the minimum qualifications of: Completion of a PhD in Computer Science, Informatics, Information Science, or a related field by the start date of the appointment Demonstrated ability to publish research in HCI or accessibility Ability to communicate effectively in English Demonstrated ability or potential to teach effectively in higher education Ability to contribute in meaningful ways to the college’s continuing commitment to cultural diversity, pluralism, and individual differences. Candidates seeking the rank of associate professor must also: Have an active and significant engagement in the profession through, e.g., editorial boards of journals, conference organizing committees and/or program committees, or professional societies/organizations. Have developed proposals for external funding and/or experience managing funded research projects in an academic setting, or experience managing teams and projects in an industry setting. Have demonstrated an ability for scholarly research as seen by a strong scholarly dissemination record relevant to the applicant's area of HCI or accessibility-related expertise. Candidates seeking the rank of professor must also: Have significant leadership role in the profession through, e.g., editorial boards of journals, conference organizing committees and/or program committees, or professional societies/organizations. Have a demonstrated record of external funding support and/or managing funded research projects in an academic setting or significant experience managing teams and projects in an industry setting. Have demonstrated ability for scholarly research as seen by an extensive scholarly dissemination record relevant to the applicant's area of HCI or accessibility-related expertise. Required Minimum Education Level PhD Faculty Type (Tenure Status) Tenure-Track Faculty Discipline Computer Science, Human Computer Interaction, Information Sciences & Technologies Faculty Rank Assistant Professor, Associate Professor, Professor Employment Category Fulltime Anticipated Start Date 15-Aug-2019 Required Application Documents Cover Letter, Curriculum Vitae or Resume, List of Publications, List of References, Research Statement, Statement of Teaching Philosophy How To Apply In order to be considered for this position, please go http://careers.rit.edu/faculty. Then search openings, and enter 3935BR . The following items are required: your online application; cover letter addressing the required qualifications for this position; curriculum vitae; and upload the following attachments: A research statement (no more than 2 pages) describing the accomplishments, impacts, and future directions of your research A teaching statement (no more than 2 pages) describing our specific courses you can teach, and your approach to teaching Copies of up to three publications that best show your scholarly work. (< 5MB per attachment) The names and contact information of three professional references. You can contact the search committee with questions regarding the positions via Ms. Rhonda Baker-Smith (rdbcst@rit.edu). Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until a suitable candidate is found. Candidates are encouraged to apply by December 15, 2018.