subject:IEEE MDM 2019 Call for Tutorials / Advanced Seminars 
url:http://www.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2018-12/1544718617.html
deadline:20 Feb 2019
Call for Advanced Seminars - 20th IEEE International Conference on Mobile Data Management, IEEE MDM 2019 IEEE MDM 2019 Home Calls Camera-ready Instructions Committees Program Registration Venue/Travel Workshops Previous MDMs Call for Advanced Seminars 20th IEEE International Conference on Mobile Data Management (MDM 2019) invites submissions for Advanced Seminar (i.e., Tutorial) proposals on all topics listed in the Call for Papers of the conference. Advanced Seminar proposals should be no more than four pages and strictly follow the IEEE conference style templates. Advanced Seminars are planned to take place in parallel with the rest of the tracks for the entire duration of the conference. The intended length of the tutorial (1.5 or 3 hours) should be explicitly indicated in the proposal, though depending on the results of the assessment of the proposal, the length is subject to modifications. Proposals should identify any other venues in which all or part of the seminar has been or will be presented, and explain how the seminar proposal for MDM 2019 differs. The logistics of the Advanced Seminars will be handled by the MDM 2019 organization. Specifically, MDM 2019 will take care of facilities, catering, and the registration process pertinent to all hosted Advanced Seminars. At least one organizer of an accepted Advanced Seminar is required to attend the conference to carry out the presentation. Each accepted Advanced Seminar will receive one complementary conference registration. Proposal evaluation criteria include the following: relevance to MDM, scientific quality, perceived interest and overlap with MDM tutorials in the past. Submission Guidelines Proposals must include the following sections: Title and abstract. Introduction Scope, motivation, summary of seminar. Proposed duration (1.5 hours or 3 hours). If the organizers have had a similar seminar held in the past, a brief history-description. Description of target audience and relevance to MDM'19 research topics. Advanced Seminar outline (sections and an overview of their contents). Biographies of presenters. Important Dates Submission of Proposals: February 20, 2019 Acceptance Notification: March 10, 2019 Camera-ready Deadline: April 2, 2019 Seminar: June 10-13, 2019 Please submit the Advanced Seminar proposals as a PDF attachment to the following email addresses: and . A confirmation message will be returned upon reception of the submission. Advanced Seminars Co-Chairs Haibo Hu, Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong Muhammad Aamir Cheema, Monash University, Australia Sponsored by: