subject:career-track research scientist in data management at Berkeley Lab
url:http://www.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2018-12/1545256652.html
deadline:7 Jan 2019
Berkeley Lab’s Computational Research Division has an immediate opening for a Career-Track Computer Research Scientist to join the Scientific Data Management (SDM) Group to perform R&D on tools and technologies that bridge the performance gap between memory and storage on high performance computing (HPC) systems. This work will lead to development of optimization techniques that enable storage systems to perform automatic data movement and efficient I/O operations for science applications. The developed technologies will be evaluated extensively and deployed on supercomputing systems at DOE facilities. Application programming interfaces (API) developed in this work will be available for a broader set of applications beyond science areas. The career-track research scientist selected for this position will perform research on storage and I/O technologies for existing and future supercomputing systems. She / He will participate in researching and developing strategies for optimizing data access, in helping DOE applications in obtaining superior I/O and data management performance on supercomputing facilities, and in proposal writing in the area of HPC storage research. The Computational Research Scientist will: Contribute to the technical leadership of a research team focused on the development of storage systems and parallel I/O technologies that affect performance of storing and accessing by scientific applications. Apply expertise in parallel I/O APIs and performance optimization of HPC applications’ I/O. Research object storage technologies for HPC. Document work and results in the form of journal papers and conference proceedings and present work and results at scientific meetings. Collaborate with other computer scientists, applied mathematicians, computational scientists to ensure the resultant technologies are applicable for their respective computational challenges and coding styles. Interface with Principal Investigators, peers and managers at LBNL, external collaborators, sponsors, and stakeholders by conducting teleconferences, attending workshops, writing workshop reports and conference papers, and corresponding to program managers as needed. Collaborate with NERSC in evaluating storage technologies. Minimum Qualifications: PhD degree in applied mathematics, computer science, physics, or related fields or equivalent combination of education and experience. Demonstrated expertise in the optimizing storage systems and I/O libraries. Demonstrated experience in working with high-performance computing applications using C/C++, MPI, and I/O libraries, such as HDF5 and MPI-IO. Demonstrated experience in performance modeling and performance analysis for parallel I/O. Demonstrated experience in using distributed-memory computing platforms. Proficient with C/C++, MPI Extensive working knowledge of common I/O libraries including HDF5, netCDF and MPI-IO Desired Qualifications: Familiar with the internals of I/O libraries such as HDF5. The posting shall remain open until the position is filled. Apply at: https://lbl.referrals.selectminds.com/jobs/computer-research-scientist-1473#