subject:14th European Computer Science Summit - one week to go
url:http://www.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2018-10/1538397337.html
deadline:08 Oct 2018
ECSS 2018 - one week to go 14th European Computer Science Summit - ECSS 2018 "Informatics Transforms and Renews" Final Program Online 9-10 October 2018, Gothenburg, Sweden Pre-Summit Workshop for Deans and Department Heads on 8 October Registrations Open The annual European Computer Science Summit - ECSS 2018 to be held in Gothenburg (October 8-10, Chalmers Conference Center) is coming soon. Only one week left to register to ECSS 2018 and get opportunity to meet and network with leading thinkers in Informatics research and education. This year's main theme of the conference is "Informatics Transforms and Renews". With speakers from amongst the world's most distinguished academics, industry leaders and decision makers in Informatics, the Summit never fails to inspire and stimulate. It will feature talks on selected “hot” topics related to the Informatics transformation, examples of successful stories and engaging panel discussions. Deans and Heads of Department, Professors, Directors, Researchers, Doctoral and Post-Doctoral Students are all welcome to attend. Jointly with the ECSS Main Summit (9-10 October), Informatics Europe organises the Workshop for Deans and Departments Heads (8 October). The aim is to address specific challenges, best practices, new approaches and practical strategies for heads in Informatics education & research. As in previous years, the ERCIM Fall Meetings are collocated with the ECSS, creating the opportunity for closer interaction between the two organizations and its members. In addition, this year, for the first time, Informatics Europe organizes three parallel Working sessions after the closing of the ECSS 2018 main summit. They will be dedicated to National Informatics Associations; Women in Informatics Research and Education and The Wide Role of Informatics at Universities. SPECIAL OFFER FOR NEW MEMBERS If your institution is planning to join Informatics Europe, we have a special offer in combination with ECSS 2018: your conference registration fee(s) will be discounted from the annual membership fee of your organisation when joining Informatics Europe. The offer includes the discount of one individual registration fee per institution (ECSS main Summit and/or Pre-Summit Workshop) up to the value of maximum one annual membership. For details about membership, please visit our Membership page. Come and join us in this exciting and remarkable event in the field of Informatics! For further inquires about your ECSS 2018 registration, please contact: ECSS2018@meetx.se For further requests about Informatics Europe Membership, please contact: pepa.echanove@informatics-europe.org