subject:Open Doctoral Student Position for 5G Edge computing in University of Oulu
url:http://www.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2018-11/1543320017.html
deadline:30 Nov 2018
Doctoral student for 5G Edge Computing Doctoral student for 5G Edge Computing, 3-year position 2019-2021 in Faculty of Information Technology and Electrical Engineering, University of Oulu The University of Oulu (http://www.oulu.fi/english/) is one of the largest universities in Finland, with approximately 16 000 students and 3 000 employees. The University of Oulu Graduate School (UniOGS) (http://www.oulu.fi/uniogs/) provides the framework and conditions for high-quality, research-driven doctoral education at the University of Oulu, and field-specific doctoral training is provided by its multidisciplinary doctoral programmes. Infotech (http://www.oulu.fi/infotech/) offers a high-level international multidisciplinary environment supplied with cutting-edge infrastructures. Under this framework, the Information Technology and Electrical Engineering Doctoral Programme (ITEE-DP) (http://www.oulu.fi/uniogs/dp/iteedp) offers doctoral training in Electrical Engineering, Communications Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering and Information Processing Science. Applications are invited for a full-time doctoral student position starting at the earliest on 01.01.2019 in an Academy of Finland project managed by Dr. Xiang Su in the Center for Ubiquitous Computing research unit, Faculty of Information Technology and Electrical Engineering. A trial period of 6 months is applied in the position. Our work aims to study 5G edge computing architecture moving computations from the central cloud infrastructure to the edges of 5G networks. We focus on novel edge architectures to handle vast amounts of data and provide high performance and quality to Moboile Augumented Reality (MAR), especially for the most latency-sensitive operations such as mapping, tracking and rendering. The architecture will also enhance the MAR flow with context metadata, handle knowledge synchronization between the cloud and edge nodes, and manage virtualization technologies in edge nodes. The position is supervised by Dr. Xiang Su and work closely with Prof. Pan Hui’s team in University of Helsinki and Prof. Mika Ylianttila’s team in CWC, Oulu. Requirements for a doctoral student Candidates should have a MSc in one of the following fields: computer science, communications, mathematics, statistics or another relevant subject by the time of the start date; proven ability to publish in top conference proceedings and journals; and a clear and well-developed strategy for outstanding future research that has the potential to result in world-leading publications. Salary The salary of the selected doctoral student will be set on levels 2 – 4 of the national salary scale for the teaching and research staff of Finnish universities. In addition, a supplementary remuneration will be given for personal achievement and performance (max. 46,3 %). The total salary for these levels (before tax) currently ranges from about 2130 to 3760 Euros/month for full-time employment. Application Applications must be submitted using the electronic application form by 30th November, 2018, 23:59 (Finnish local time). Please attach the following documents as a single pdf file: your CV with publications, a motivation letter describing prior knowledge and research interests and career plans, your certificates/Diplomas ( Scanned electronic copies of diplomas and transcripts of the records of relevant previous degrees. If the original documents are not in English, Finnish or Swedish, each document must be accompanied by an official certified translation into English or Finnish.), as well as two reference letters. The application letter should also contain possible starting dates. Other relevant information The eligible applicants fitting best in the research profile expected for the position may be invited to an on-site or remote interview. All applicants will be notified when the selection process is completed. Contact - Dr. Xiang Su, e-mail: xiang.su(at)oulu.fi - Concerning the general requirements and application procedures: Coordinator Mirjami Jutila, e-mail: mirjami.jutila (at) oulu.fi