subject:The latest edition of the Informatics Education in Europe: Key Data Report 2012-2017 is available
url:http://www.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2018-11/1542017757.html
deadline: 
The latest edition of the Informatics Education in Europe:
      Key Data Report 2012-2017 is now available Dear Colleagues, we are happy to share with you the latest edition of the report “Informatics Education in Europe: Institutions, degrees, students, positions, salaries. Key Data 2012-2107”. This and all previous editions are available for download at: http://www.informatics-europe.org/publications.html Now in its sixth edition, the popular report offers a solid and objective picture on the state of higher education in Informatics in Europe and continues to be the only reference for a Europe-wide perspective on key academic and economic parameters such as: Student enrolment (including gender distribution), Degrees awarded (including gender distribution), Academic positions and titles, Salaries. It also includes a: Comprehensive list of names identifying Informatics programs, Complete list of Departments / Faculties / Schools / Institutes offering Informatics higher education per country, Detailed description of the system of higher education for the countries included. The report covers those countries where accurate and reliable data was available. It now includes 19 countries - Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, The Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Spain, Switzerland, and UK. Extrapolations for other countries are also given. Informatics, the science behind Information Technology, is a core enabler of Europe’s future success. Crucial to that success is the availability of outstanding Informatics education throughout Europe. By assembling and publishing verified data, Informatics Europe wants to promote a clear understanding of the current situation as the basis for analysis and sound decision making. For more information, visit: http://www.informatics-europe.org/working-groups/data-collection-reporting.html Best regards, -- Svetlana Tikhonenko
Program Associate -
Web, Data and Analysis 
Informatics Europe
Binzmühlestrasse 14/54
8050 Zurich, Switzerland
Phone: +41 44 635 43 20
Office days: Mon/Tue/Thu