subject:Call for papers: Learning Information Literacy across the Globe (LILG-2019)
url:http://www.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2018-11/1542057345.html
deadline:15 Dec 2018
The international Conference on Learning Information Literacy across the Globe will be held on the 10th of May 2019 at DIPF, Frankfurt Main, Germany. The Conference is a final part of the Erasmus+ Project Information Literacy Online, a European project to improve students’ competencies. In November 2016 the EU project ILO was started with the aim to develop, evaluate and disseminate a multilingual open access online course (MOOC) designed to improve students’ abilities to cope with the claims of present-day information society. In May 2019, the seven partner institutions will be able to present a MOOC on Information Literacy, covering six language and cultural areas. An integrated assessment component will enhance the autonomous learning progress. The Conference will be a forum for the exchange of research and experience associated with Information Literacy (IL) Learning. Besides three keynotes and a panel, several tracks of paper sessions are planned. Submissions to the following topics of interest are invited: IL as a learning process, including assessment Digital learning resources for IL (e.g. MOOCs, Learning-scenarios, OERs) Comparative studies of courses and curricula with an IL lens Cultural diversity of IL IL in connection with other literacy concepts Many disciplines can contribute: Library and Information Science, different Learning Sciences, or Research in Cultural Diversity. The Proceedings of the conference will be published digitally by the 10th of June. Submission Guidelines Envisaged are three session formats: Long-papers, Short-papers, Posters. The Long-paper track provides the opportunity to present state of the art research. The Short-paper and Poster tracks call for original ideas, application areas and schemes. The inclusion of results is encouraged but not required. Submitted abstracts should not exceed 400 (Long-papers) resp. 200 (Short-papers and posters) words. Long-paper submissions should be 10 pages in length plus additional pages for references. Short-paper submissions should be 2 pages in length plus additional pages for references. Programme Committee The board of reviewers includes international experts from the fields of information-science, media-pedagogy, psychologists, media-scientists, open-educational-resources, scientific libraries and intercultural studies. To date, it includes: Manuel Area-Moreira David Bawden Ángel Borrego Alexander Botte Juan Jose Bote Vericad Stefan Dreisiebner Stefanie Elbeshausen Miguel Ángel Marzal García-Quismond José Antonio Gómez-Hernández Joachim Griesbaum Carolin Hahnel Theo Hug Mate Juric Mate Kosor Ulrike Kress Paul Libbrecht Anne-Kathrin Meyer Thomas Mandl Wolfgang Müller Anela Nikčević-Milković Javier Onrubia Goñi Franjo Pehar Wolf Rauch Marc Rittberger Lyn Robinson Christian Schlögl Sonja Špiranec Ivanka Stričević Sanjica Faletar Tanacković Cristóbal Urbano Zoran Velagić Polona Vilar Christa Womser-Hacker Vlasta Zabukovec Michaela Zemanek Maja Žumer Schedule Deadline for Abstracts: December 15th 2018 Evaluation with provisional approval and notification: Jan 10th Deadline for Full-papers: Jan 29th Notification: Feb 20th All submissions should be sent to Easychair LILG2019 page. For questions, please use the contact form.