subject:Faculty Position
url:http://www.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2018-12/1544476123.html
deadline:30 Aug 2019
DBWorld Message ﻿----------------------- Page 1-----------------------

                                                     Faculty Position  

                                         School of Industrial Engineering  

                             Pontificia Universidad Católica de Valparaíso, Chile  



The  School  of  Industrial  Engineering  at  the  Pontificia  Universidad  Católica  de  Valparaíso  (PUCV)  

invites applications for a faculty position that will complement and enrich the School’s research and  

education thrusts, and will contribute to consolidate its PhD program.  A successful candidate should  

demonstrate  qualifications  compatible  with  the  School’s  Graduate  Faculty  requirements,  which  

includes  productivity  in   high  impact  journals  and  participation  in  externally  funded  research  

programs. The selected candidate is expected start on or before  March 2019.  



The School of Industrial Engineering has established itself as one of the best engineering programs  

in the country, attracting outstanding students. It fosters an environment that excels in teaching,  

research and service.  Incoming faculty  will further impact the School’s ambitious plan for growth  

and visibility in the Industrial Engineering field.  



The University is located at the heart of the Valparaíso metropolitan area, which was declared World  

Heritage Site by UNESCO and is considered among the world’s great university cities.  The Cities of  

Valparaíso and Viña del Mar stand out for their quality of life and their diverse touristic attractions.  



Candidates must hold a PhD with strong methodological background and research interests in one  

or  more  of  the  following  areas:  Production  Planning,  Process  Control,  Sched uling,  Operations  

Management,  Systems  Dynamics, Simulation,  Optimization  and  Operations  Research. Candidates  

should also demonstrate a strong commitment to quality research, teaching and outreach in their  

discipline, and enthusiasm for collaborative and interdisciplinary work at an international level, as  

well as some proficiency in Spanish.  



Appointment  level  and  salary  will  be  commensurate  with  qualifications  and  accomplishments.   

Salary is competitive at the international level, and is complemented with research incentives and  

access to support funds.   



Candidates must provide:  

      Current Curriculum Vitae  



      Statement discussing teaching, research and professional engagement goals  



      Contact information for two professional references  



      Copies of recent  published work and articles under review in indexed journals  



Inquiries and applications must be sent to the School’s Search Committee at faculty.eii@pucv.cl  



Expected starting date: March 2019.  



Applications will be accepted until the position is filled.