subject:CFP :WSDM 2019 Leuven, Belgium (Extended date December 22)
url:http://www.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2018-12/1544614177.html
deadline:22 Dec 2018
Call For Papers International Workshop on Web Search and Data Mining April 29 - May 2, 2019, Leuven, Belgium https://sites.google.com/site/ international Workshop on Web Search and Data Mining (WSDM 2019) will be held in conjunction with the 10th International Conference on Ambient Systems, Networks and Technologies (ANT 2019 April 29 - May 2, 2019, Leuven, Belgium) WSDM 2019 is a workshop that includes invited talks, as well as refereed full papers. WSDM 2019 will publish original, high-quality papers related to web search and data mining and Social Web, with an emphasis on practical yet principled novel models of search and data mining, algorithm design and analysis, economic implications, and in-depth experimental analysis of accuracy and performance. Original papers focusing on new algorithmic approaches are particularly encouraged. Application-oriented papers that make innovative technical contributions to research are welcome. papers on new and emerging topics are also welcome. Topics covered include but are not limited to: • Web Search • Indexing web content • Query analysis and query processing • Search benchmarking and evaluation • Search user behavior and log analysis • Searching social and real-time content • Semantic search • Web crawling • Clustering, classification, and summarization of Web data • Data extraction, integration and cleaning • social network mining • NLP for Web mining • Opinion mining and sentiment analysis • Neural architectures for Web search and mining • Social network analysis, theories, models and applications ### Submissions Papers must be submitted in PDF according to the Procedia proceedings guidelines. Submissions should not exceed six pages including any diagrams or appendices, plus up to one additional page of references. Submissions must be self-contained and in English. After uploading your submission, please verify the copy stored on the easychair site. Submissions that do not follow these guidelines, or do not view or print properly, may be rejected without review. Authors should submit their contributions electronically in PDF format. Papers need to be submitted to : https://easychair.org/ ### IMPORTANT DATES • Papers due: December 22, 2018 (Extended) • Paper notifications: February 4, 2019 • Final date for camera-ready copy: March 1, 2019 • Conference: April 29 - May 2, 2019, Leuven, Belgium ### Publication All papers accepted for workshops will be included in the ANT-2019 proceedings. ANT-2019 proceedings will be published by Elsevier Science in the open-access Procedia Computer Science series on-line. Procedia Computer Science is hosted by Elsevier on www.Elsevier.com and on Elsevier content platform ScienceDirect (www.sciencedirect.com), and will be freely available worldwide. All papers in Procedia will be indexed by Scopus (www.scopus.com) and by Thomson Reuters' Conference Proceeding Citation Index (http://thomsonreuters.com/). All papers in Procedia will also be indexed by Scopus (www.scopus.com) and Engineering Village (Ei) (www.engineeringvillage.com). This includes EI Compendex (www.ei.org/compendex). Moreover, all accepted papers will be indexed in DBLP (http://dblp.uni-trier.de/). The papers will contain linked references, XML versions and citable DOI numbers. You will be able to provide a hyperlink to all delegates and direct your conference website visitors to your proceedings. Selected papers will be invited for publication, in the special issues of: - Journal of Ambient Intelligence and Humanized Computing (IF: 1.588), by Springer (http://www.springer.com/) - IEEE Intelligent Transportation Systems Magazine (IF: 3.654), by IEEE (http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/) - IEEE Transactions on Intelligent Transportation Systems (IF: 3.724), by IEEE (http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/)