subject:CFP: EJC2019 (submission due: Jan. 13, 2019), held on June 3-7, 2019, Lappeenranta, Finland
url:http://www.cs.wisc.edu/dbworld/messages/2018-12/1545041725.html
deadline:13 Jan 2019
Call for papers: EJC 2019 [Call for papers] The 29th International Conference on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases EJC 2019 – June 3-7 2019 Lappeenranta, Finland EJC2019 Conference Site: lut.fi/ejc paper-submission: http://ejc.komazawa-u.ac.jp/ejc2019review/ The series of European Japanese Conference on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases (EJC) originally started as a co-operation initiative between Japan and Finland in 1982. The practical operations were then organized by professor Setsuo Ohsuga in Japan and professors Hannu Kangassalo and Hannu Jaakkola in Finland (Nordic countries). Geographical scope has expanded to cover Europe and also other countries. Workshop characteristic - discussion, time enough for presentations and limited number of participants (50) / papers (30) - is typical to the conference. Suggested topics include, but are not limited to: 1. Conceptual modelling: Modelling and specification languages; Domain-specific conceptual modelling; Concepts, concept theories and ontologies; Conceptual modelling of large and heterogeneous systems; Conceptual modelling of spatial, temporal and biological data; Methods for developing, validating and communicating conceptual models. 2. Knowledge and information modelling and discovery: Knowledge discovery, knowledge representation and knowledge management; Advanced data mining and analysis methods; Conceptions of knowledge and information;Modelling information requirements; Intelligent information systems; Information recognition and information modelling. 3. Linguistic modelling: Models of HCI; Information delivery to users; Intelligent informal querying; Linguistic foundation of information and knowledge; Fuzzy linguistic models; Philosophical and linguistic foundations of conceptual models. 4. Cross-cultural communication and social computing: Cross-cultural support systems; Integration, evolution and migration of systems; Collaborative societies; Multicultural web-based software systems; Intercultural collaboration and support systems; Social computing, behavioral modeling and prediction. 5. Environmental modelling and engineering: Environmental information systems (architecture); Spatial, temporal and observational information systems; Large-scale environmental systems; Collaborative knowledge base systems;Agent concepts and conceptualisation; Hazard prediction, prevention and steering systems. 6. Multimedia data modelling and systems: Modelling multimedia information and knowledge; Content-based multimedia data management; Content-based multimedia retrieval; Privacy and context enhancing technologies;Semantics and pragmatics of multimedia data; Metadata for multimedia information systems. Publication: EJC (European Japanese Conference on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases) is defined as the selection process of the final journal-paper publication in "Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases" by the EJC Organization and Program Committee of "International Conference on Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases" . The papers selected as journal papers are published in the Series of "Frontiers in Artificial Intelligence" by IOS Press (Amsterdam) after the conference for international distributions. The books "Information Modelling and Knowledge Bases Vol. n" are edited by the Editing Committee of the conference. Improved papers must be sent by next September, after the conference. Each of the position papers is reviewed in the presentation and the improved version by Program Committee, whether or not it can be accepted as the final journal print. EJC 2019 Local arrangements: Lappeenranta University of Technology, Finland Contact person: Professor Ajantha Dahanayake Ajantha.Dahanayake(at)lut.fi Important dates · Submission deadline: January 13th, 2019 · Acceptance letters: March 25th, 2019 · Final paper for preprint: April 28th, 2019 · Registration deadline: Will be informed by the organizers · Final paper for IOS Journal print: September 2019 Organization General Chair: Hannu Kangassalo, University of Tampere, Finland Program Committee Co-Chairs: · Yasushi Kiyoki (Keio University, SFC, Japan); email kiyoki(at)sfc.keio.ac.jp · Bernhard Thalheim (Christian-Albrechts University Kiel, Germany); email thalheim(at)is.informatik.uni-kiel.de Program Committee Members TBA General Organising Chair: Hannu Jaakkola, Tampere University of Technology, Finland; email hannu.jaakkola(at) Organizing Committee Chairs · Ajantha Dahanayake, Lappeenranta University of Technology, LUT · Janne Huiskonen, Lappeenranta University of Technology, LUT · Xing Chen, Kanagawa Institute of Technology, Japan Local Organizing Committee · Ajantha Dahanayake, Lappeenranta University of technology, Finland · Other members will be nominated Program Coordination Team Naofumi Yoshida, Komazawa University, Japan; email naofumi(at)komazawa-u.ac.jp Tatiana Endrjukaite, Transport and Telecommunication Institute, Latvia